Add reference to git quiz on landing page (#2)
escience-academy/2021-03-29-code-refine: index.md

- This workshop is open to the public.
- If you are interested in attending this workshop, contact me@example.com
  for more information
{% endcomment %}

<p id="who-can-attend">
    <strong>Who can attend?:</strong>
    The course is aimed at graduate students and other researchers. It is assumed that participants already write code for
    their research, but no expertise is required. Some experience in navigating the file tree and editing files in a
    terminal session is recommended. <strong>Familiarity with Python programming basics is expected.</strong>
</p>

<hr/>

<h2 id="git-introduction">Optional Introduction to Git on day 1</h2>
<p>From practice we know the level of experience with git varies a lot.
Therefore we offer an optional 'Introduction to version control with Git' lesson on day 1 of the workshop. 
</p>

<p>
Please take <a href="https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=zOo6qgdjskKsBXh91cMldINH9cwZ08RPgftDzWeUSaBUMzFWMU0xRjhTTlZLRk9XQUZUNDlBR085OS4u">this 1-minute quiz</a> 
to quickly self-assess your git knowledge.

> <strong>If it turns out you are already familiar with the basics of git you can join the workshop from day 2 onwards.</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>If you answered all questions correctly you can join the workshop from day 2 onwards. Otherwise, you should join the "Introduction to Git" session on day one</strong>
```
